hello and welcome to easy cooking with
easy recipes today we are cooking one of
the most traditional Italian pasta
dishes spaghetti alla Carbonara
for spaghetti carbonara you only need
spaghetti to Akio grated Parmesan cheese
heavy whipping cream salt pepper olive
oil and pancetta or if we don't have
pancetta bacon cubes
put some olive oil into a hot pan and
add the pancetta or the bacon cubes
in a large bowl combine the two acre
about two tablespoons of parmesan cheese
heavy whipping cream a pinch of salt and
a good amount of pepper and give it a
good mix
when the pancetta is a little bit crispy
we can turn up the heat make sure the
spaghetti are al dente and not over
cooked drain the spaghetti and put it in
the pan with pancetta
at the carbonara sauce and mix it well
add some more pepper mix it again and
that's it now it's time to enjoy our
spaghetti alla Carbonara i hope you guys
enjoyed the video don't forget to click
like and subscribe to our channel for
more delicious recipes if you cook one
of our recipes we would love to eat from
you leave us a comment tell us if you
like it or not and we'll see you next
time
you